#error
printCountries testcases/printCountries/toomanycomma.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/nameLen64Wrong.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/nameLen65Wrong.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_such.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_comma.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_comma1.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_population.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/max64_overflow.csv	  
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_population_but_a_space.csv 
printCountries testcases/printCountries/popStartWitha.csv 


#success
printCountries testcases/printCountries/commaInsideNum.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charStartWithPlus.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/population.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/max64_corr.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/nameLen63Corr.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charStartWithNeg.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charStartWithSpace.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charInNum3.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charInNum4.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/no_content.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/numStartWithSpacesMax64.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/numStartWithSpaces1.csv
printCountries testcases/printCountries/charStartWithNeg1.csv
